Documentation for redesigned sidechains (#1516)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/references/protocol-reference/transactions/transaction-types/xchainclaim.md

---
html: xchainclaim.html 
parent: transaction-types.html
blurb: Create a bridge between two chains.
labels:

>   - Interoperability

Reviewer: If you want this to link to a landing page that actually shows all the pages with this label, you need to add a stanza for this landing page to `dactyl-config.yml`. Here's an example: https://github.com/XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal/blob/abd57c9db602c829846f3575abf4bb44c708acd2/dactyl-config.yml#L4058-L4067

You should add the page to the `- ja` target with a `# TODO: translate title and blurb` comment to remind us to come back and translate it, too.

## Example {{currentpage.name}} JSON

```json
{
  "Account": "rahDmoXrtPdh7sUdrPjini3gcnTVYjbjjw",
  "Amount": "10000",
  "TransactionType": "XChainClaim",
  "XChainClaimID": "13f",
  "Destination": "rahDmoXrtPdh7sUdrPjini3gcnTVYjbjjw",
  "XChainBridge": {
    "LockingChainDoor": "rMAXACCrp3Y8PpswXcg3bKggHX76V3F8M4",
    "LockingChainIssue": {
      "currency": "XRP"
    },
    "IssuingChainDoor": "rHb9CJAWyB4rj91VRWn96DkukG4bwdtyTh",
    "IssuingChainIssue": {
      "currency": "XRP"
    }
  }
}
```

{% include '_snippets/tx-fields-intro.md' %}

| Field         | JSON Type           | [Internal Type][] | Description        |
|:--------------|:--------------------|:------------------|:-------------------|

> | `XChainBridge`| String | Object | _Required_ The XChainBridge stanza represents the bridge for which the witness is attesting transactions. |

Reviewer: This is not a string in JSON. Also, I recommend adding a "Required?" column to this table as well.

```suggestion
| `XChainBridge` | Object | STObject | Yes | The bridge for which the witness is attesting transactions. |
```

| `LockingChainDoor` | String | AccountID | The door account on the locking chain. |
| `LockingChainIssue` | String | Token | The token that is bridged on the locking chain. |
| `IssuingChainDoor` | String  |  AccountID | The door account on the issuing chain. |

> | `IssuingChainIssue` | String | Token | The token that is bridged on the issuing chain. |

Reviewer: Same as above, this bridge object should probably be an external definition

> | `SignatureReward`  | Number  | Token |  _Required_ The total amount, in XRP, to be rewarded for providing a signature for cross-chain transfer or for signing for the cross-chain reward. This amount will be split among the signers. |

Reviewer: It says this field is required, but the example above doesn't show it. Is the example out of date, or is the "Required" incorrect here?

Also, either avoid future tense or add a style override.

> | `MinAccountCreateAmount`  | Number  |   |  _Optional_ The minimum amount, in XRP, required for a `XChainCreateAccountCommit` transaction. This is only applicable for XRP-XRP bridges and transactions fail if this field is not present. |

Reviewer: Don't forget to fill out the internal type column.
